[Docs] Add central config and update IncludeScopes (#411)
elastic/elastic-otel-dotnet: docs/reference/edot-dotnet/setup/edot-defaults.md

| Option                   | EDOT .NET default | OpenTelemetry SDK default |
| ------------------------ | ----------------- | ------------------------- |
| IncludeFormattedMessage  | `true`            | `false`                   |
| IncludeScopes            | `true` (Since 1.4.0)      | `false`                   |

> Enabling `IncludeScopes` produces richer log attributes by including .NET log scope data as additional attributes on each log record. Be aware that including scopes can increase log storage volume depending on the scope data your application emits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activating `IncludeScopes` produces richer log attributes by including .NET log scope data as additional attributes on each log record. Be aware that including scopes can increase log storage volume depending on the scope data your application emits.
```

We try to avoid "enable"/"disable" in the docs.

:::{note}

> `IncludeScopes` was disabled between 1.0.2 and 1.3.x as a temporary workaround for a duplicate-attribute issue in the upstream OpenTelemetry SDK. It was re-enabled in 1.4.0 once the EDOT Collector and managed OTLP endpoints gained support for deduplicating repeated attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IncludeScopes` was deactivated between 1.0.2 and 1.3.x as a temporary workaround for a duplicate-attribute issue in the upstream OpenTelemetry SDK. It was reactivated in 1.4.0 once the EDOT Collector and managed OTLP endpoints gained support for deduplicating repeated attributes.
```
